## Description

Host devices can be directly exposed to containers at runtime. Do not directly expose host devices to containers, especially to containers that are not trusted.

The --device option exposes host devices to containers and as a result of this, containers can directly access these devices. The the container would not need to run in privileged mode to access and manipulate them, as by default, the container is granted this type of access. Additionally, it would possible for containers to remove block devices from the host. You therefore should not expose host devices to containers directly.

If for some reason you wish to expose the host device to a container you should consider which sharing permissions you wish to use on a case by case base as appropriate to your organization:

• r - read only
• w - writable
• m - mknod allowed

## Remediation

You should not directly expose host devices to containers. If you do need to expose host devices to containers, you should use granular permissions as appropriate to your organization:
For example, do not start a container using the command below:

```bash
docker run --interactive --tty --device=/dev/tty0:/dev/tty0:rwm --
device=/dev/temp_sda:/dev/temp_sda:rwm centos bash
```

You should only share the host device using appropriate permissions:

```bash
docker run --interactive --tty --device=/dev/tty0:/dev/tty0:rw --
device=/dev/temp_sda:/dev/temp_sda:r centos bash
```

### Default Value

By default, host devices are not exposed to containers. If you do not provide sharing permissions and choose to expose a host device to a container, the host device is be exposed with read, write and mknod permissions.
